---
title: "Writing stuff down"
date: "2024-09-08"
#summary: "Starting a blog using Hugo"
#description: ""
toc: false
readTime: true
autonumber: true
math: true
tags: ["Blog", "Hugo"]
showTags: false
hideBackToTop: true
---
I always wanted to start blogging about stuff that I find interesting but oh boy you won’t know how scrambled your thoughts are until you start to articulate them to write them down. 

anyways.

I think writing down what occupies my mind is a great way to stay sane, a form of therapy of some sort, although coming to what role psychology can play in your life I believe little to none. I’d love to be proven wrong tho, but in support of my dismissal for the effectiveness of psychology I have neuroscience on my side I’ll elaborate. Sitting in a room and trying to reverse engineer the state of your mind with someone who gets only the narrated output of your brain and tries to make sense of them mainly through trial and error on the fly is a bit outdated and waste of your time, while you can just plug in a debugger and see what and where the parameters are changing (neurochemistry). 

I say these not to show my dislike about a field of science (psychology) nor to red pill you to break you out of some dogma you hold dearly, but to emphasize that sometimes holding on old methods can indeed make you gloss over a better and more useful path that was available to you all along!

Well to get back to the topic of my new shiny blog :) I’ll try to update it as frequently as possible. It’s fair to mention I learned about [Hugo](https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo) which is a framework to make static sites written in Go, by reading my friend’s [blog post](https://glyphack.com/blog/may-camping/) who is a software engineer about his camping experience. What I love about Hugo so far is how easy and fast you can deploy your static website without worrying about different frameworks and the headache of managing them just to run a simple page. I’d recommend to try it and give them a star on their github page.



that’s it for now. 




